Make calico MTU configurable in bootstrap config (#2677)
scality/metalk8s: docs/installation/bootstrap.rst

      These values specify the range of IP addresses that will be used at the
      host level for each member of the cluster.

>       .. warning::

Reviewer: Maybe let this just be an `info` admonition?

>         Several CIDR can be provided if all nodes does not sit in the same
>         network but it's an
>         :ref:`advanced configuration<multiple CIDR network>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Several CIDRs can be provided if all nodes do not sit in the same
        network. This is an ref:`advanced procedure<multiple CIDR network>`
        which we do not recommend for non-experts.
```
